This is our rack of pork.
Many different options and opportunities
within this would be the equivalent
to a prime rib, but
we would get a rack of pork out of this
for like a holiday meal
or some sort of occasional roast.
For our purposes today,
I want to demonstrate
getting some really nice
rack chops out of it, and then we're going
to talk about back ribs.
So the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to cut a couple of rack chops.
There's many different ways to do this.
We could remove the chine bone,
which we will do for the back ribs.
However,
I like to leave the chine bone in.
I like to knife cut the chops
and then I use a cleaver and a mallet
so we'll go through that whole process
right now.
OK, so first thing I'm going to do
is I'm going to be going right
in between these ribs.
This section here
where we took off the shoulder, OK,
so I'm just going to cut down.
Right in between
and I want to be very aware of where
I'm making my chops, so again,
we want to make sure that they're nice
and even chops so that we're getting
a nice even cook on it, right.
So then I take my cleaver and my mallet.
And I come down
and I cut
my bone in rack chops.